Task 1: Instructions
Load the saved CSV file and select relevant columns.

Load datasets/coinmarketcap_06122017.csv into a DataFrame named dec6 using read_csv() from pandas.
Select the columns id and market_cap_usd and assign them to market_cap_raw.
Use count() to count and print the number of values in market_cap_raw.



Task 2: Instructions
Filter out the coins with no known market capitalization.

query() the DataFrame and filter out all the valueless coins and assign the new DataFrame to cap.
Use count() again to count and print the number of values in cap.




Task 3: Instructions
Visualize the market capitalization of the top 10 cryptocurrencies.

Select the first 10 coins, set the index to id, and assign the resulting DataFrame to cap10.
Calculate the percentage of market capitalization for each coin using assign() and assign it to cap10 again.
Plot the top 10 coin's market_cap_perc in a barplot with the title "Top 10 market capitalization" and assign it to ax.
Using the ax object, annotate the y axis with "% of total cap".



Task 4: Instructions
Make the plot from the last task more informative with colors and a nice log scale.

Make a plot like in the last task, but of market_cap_usd. Add the given COLORS and make the y-axis log10 scaled.
Again, use the ax object to annotate the y axis with "USD".
Remove the useless label on the x axis.



Task 5: Instructions
Create a DataFrame that contains volatility information on cryptocurrencies.

Select the columns id, percent_change_24h, and percent_change_7d from dec6 and assign the resulting DataFrame to volatility.
Set the index to id and drop all rows that contain NaNs.
Sort volatility by percent_change_24h in ascending order.
Print out the .head() of volatility.




Task 6: Instructions
Make a bar plot that shows the biggest gainers and the biggest losers. Finish writing the function that will show the top losers to the left and the top gainers to the right.

Use .plot.bar() to plot the "top losers" from volatility_series in 'darkred' color.
Set the figure main title using the fig.suptitle() method.
Set the ylabel for the plot on the left using its Axes object
Use .plot.bar() again to plot the "top winners" bar chart in 'darkblue'
Call the functiontop10_subplot with volatility.percent_change_24h and the supplied title.





Task 7: Instructions
Call the function you created in the last task above, but with the weekly data.

Sort volatility by percent_change_7d in ascending order and assign it to volatility7d.
Call top10_subplot with volatility7d and the supplied title.
Keep in mind that our data is not sorted now and that top10_subplot assumes the Series is in ascending order.




Task 8: Instructions
Use the .query() method to select all large cap coins in cap. That is, coins where market_cap_usd is +10 billion USD.
Assign the resulting DataFrame to largecaps.
Print out largecaps.




Task 9: Instructions
Group large, mid and small cap coins into a group called biggish and make a barplot of counts of biggish, micro and nano coins.

Count how many biggish, micro and nano coins there are using the given function capcount.
Make a list with these 3 numbers and assign it to values.
Make a barplot with values and the provided labels.


